feat(web,web-react)!: drop FieldGroup styles and use Flex and border utility (#2618)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/FieldGroup/README.md

# FieldGroup

FieldGroup is a component that groups form fields together. Additionally, it provides a common label, helper text, and validation messages for all fields in the group.

> To render the fields inside of the FieldGroup, use the [Flex][readme-flex] component.

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
To distribute fields inside the FieldGroup, use the [Flex][readme-flex] component.
```
